

Threshold


Critical
Major
Minor
Warning
Clear

Upper limit <=
Lower limit >= 

Burst - one time success - raise alarm
Period - concurrent condition success for a period of time - raise alarm

Period Clear alarm - don't clear for the day. Raise clear alarm the next day 12 am (even if it did not get cleared)
Burst Clear alarm - clear it when the condition is failure

Burst occurrence - raise if the condition satifies for  number of consecutive occurrence
Burst time - raise if the condition satisfies for a specific period of time

Clear occurrence
Clear time


Severity      Limit     Mode     Occurrence   Time           Clear                                                               active until     periodGranularity

Critical      Upper    Burst     no of times  seconds                                                                            enddate          days to keep for reset
Major         Lower    Period                                                                                                                     applicable for period only
Minor
Warning
Clear                                                        Period - don't clear for the day
                                                             Burst - clear immediately or after specific occurrence or time                


schedule 

Monday
Tuesday
.. Sunday
Maintenance window (

MRF.Weekday.ET.00-01

when to run
timezone
time interval

2. based on time period and not occurrence - no for 5gRAN
4. based on period and period granularity - no for any domain
8. load json grouping and time scheduling - complete
6. Clear implementation - clear alarms that does not satisfy condition - complete
5. Threshold group in filter - with grouping/enrichment - json for grouping/xls for enrichment - complete
7. enrichment for each inventory - complete
9. load xls enrichment - complete
10. sector, carrier, enrichment? -- threshold group - configuration - condition - has sector and carrier. we have enriched only gnb and du -- complete
3. based on schedule (next runtime) - has condition also - new json file (time scheduling)


6. streaming analytics and batch analytics - ensure you have group filtered.
11. During dataload as columns, there is a chance that column is new and it is not available in the table. at that time, add a new column and load it.
12. no Samsung gnb
13. gnb for 

Deployment steps

1. IngestionCode - To ingest data Samsung, Corning, Ericsson, AUPF, ACPF - Market/GNB/DU/Sector/Carrier
-- everyfile should be appended with “{datasource}-”
-- creates the _output files

2. HierarchyCode - To create the hierarchy based on the data files. Market --> GNB --> DU --> Sector --> Carrier
-- send the raw input files.
-- creates the hierarchy in database

3. HierarchyGNB - To create the hierarchy from ASM Tables.

4. StreamAnalytics - Load the Streamanalytics json data (This data is not used for now)

5. BatchAnalytics - Load the Batchanalytics json data and run/execute the batch rules/expression

6. Analytics - Ingest KPI data, Load the UDC Definition and run/execute the UDCs.
-- Loading all the output files from Ingestioncode

7. JsonLoad - Load enrichment, group configuration, Time scheduling

8. Threshold - Load Threshold Rules

9. ThresholdExecution - Load the threshold rules and run/execute them and create the alarms.








 